# Welcome in Glass Cat #

The **Glass_Cat** folder contains the code for Glass Cat:

## Back end ##

This sub-folder contains:

* **ast_nodes.js** : the nodes to be executed at nodes of the parse tree.

* **back_end.sh** : (EXECUTE) run to generate 'glass_cat.js' from 'oz.js' and 'ast_nodes.js'. Optimize and transfer outputs of the back-end to the front end.

* **dev.py** : used by 'back_end.sh', make a developer version of Glass Cat with some more lines required by the tests.

* **glass_cat-min.js** : an optimized version of Glass Cat (generated by 'back_end.sh').

* **glass_cat.js** : merging of 'ast_nodes.js' and 'oz.js' (generated by 'back_end.sh').

* **oz.jison** : the grammar written in Jison.

* **oz.js** : the parser generated by Jison according to the grammar 'oz.jison'.


(remove manually console prints with the regex: `console.(log|debug|info|...|count)\((.*)\);`)

## Front end ##

This sub-folder contains:

* **developers** : website for the developers with tests (runs the non-optimized version). 

* **js** : contains JavaScript files.

* **users** : website for the users (runs the optimized version).

### Add a new test ###

1. Open 'js/glass_cat.js' and add the following lines at the end of `generate_semantics` (below `cnt_exe++;`):
```
	}
	a = state.split("</p>").join("\\n");
	a = a.split("<p>").join("");
	console.log("add_test('"+a.substring(0,a.length-2)+"', '"+JSON.stringify(sem)+"');");
}
```

2. Load 'users/index-test.html' and write your code then press Execute and open the console and copy the text from `add_test` to the end of the string.

3. Paste this string at the end of 'js/anim _dev.js'.
